Fix broken compilation in v1.1.0 (#44)
react-native-community/react-native-segmented-control: README.md

npm install --save @react-native-community/segmented-control
```

> Then you will need to link it to your project. You can follow the [manual linking](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/linking-libraries-ios#manual-linking) instructions for that.

Reviewer: This PR reminded me that there were no link instructions. :+1:
I'm going to change this part a bit.

```suggestion
## Link

- React Native 0.60+

run `cd ios && pod install`

- React Native <= 0.59

run `react-native link @react-native-community/segmented-control`

or you can follow the instructions to [manually link this package](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/linking-libraries-ios#manual-linking).

## Upgrading to React Native _0.60+_

New React Native comes with `autolinking` feature, which automatically links Native Modules in your project. In order to get it to work, make sure you unlink `Segmented Control` first:

`react-native unlink @react-native-community/segmented-control`
```
